oslo that is a nut and it is clear but
it is not so frequent to see a zurita
authentic an authentic zurita this must
to be young because it does not have very marked
the blue that the truth only sees
when it reflects it from the sun on the neck
a few spots of blue from here to both
sides
and this is an authentic figurine is not
a pigeon of the classic zurita pigeon
we say it is the stick margin
common that is not blue and it is a
Wild pigeon as the pigeon can be
much scarcer
So, the truth is that it has its
merit collect a pigeon from these in a
thrown and good as I say it does not have
nothing to see this pigeon with a pigeon
of the belfry or of common houses as
we want to call her this pigeon breed in
cut of rock is a wild pigeon
absolutely so much more even than the
own wood pigeon
normally we normally should not
move from where they leave us to the
time to hunt but if this happened
because tomorrow we dove
we had absolutely by in the entrance
in the back with which always
we had to make shots based on
surprise very badly and then also if we
we moved as we have done here to the
shadow of this little short of this
small oak
and we do not bother anyone because we can
doing it perfectly nothing happens
but I always say first you have to have
in mind that nobody is bothered and
then good if we move is for
improve our shooting position and has
been like this in this case
that street
we are going to open
ah
good sometimes trying
what avalanche in a moment you
be able to eat
good
Young girls of the year do not need to but
not so young
it's eleven thirty in the morning to
these hours already the dove or the dove
It looks for to rest in some oak to avoid the
sun that is falling and good
they are practically not going to move anymore
arrives later on 67
will begin to move and we can with a
bit of luck to collect some more
let's hope it's like that and I've said it 11
11 and a half
being half closed by granting
it's worth picking up to go somewhere
that has been us is better safe is
the place of course is close